[Konvoy] Documentation around configuring kube-vip (#4557)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned/create-cluster/index.md

## Use the built-in Virtual IP

> As explained in [Define the Control Plane Endpoint][define-control-plane-endpoint], we recommend using an external load balancer for the control plane endpoint, but provide a built-in virtual IP when an external load balancer is not available. The control planes  are members of the the same L2 network, the network interface which must be provided. The built-in virtual IP uses the [kube-vip][kube-vip] project.

Reviewer: Let's use the text from the KB article here...

```suggestion
As explained in [Define the Control Plane Endpoint][define-control-plane-endpoint], we recommend using an external load balancer for the control plane endpoint, but provide a built-in virtual IP when an external load balancer is not available. 

The built-in virtual IP uses the [kube-vip][kube-vip] project.  If you use the default kube-vip for the endpoint, ensure that:

- The control plane nodes are in the same subnet and layer-2 network.
- The virtual IP address you specify for the `--control-plane-endpoint` is a free IP address from that subnet
- The network interface for virtual IP address `--virtual-ip-interface` is the same interface on which kube-apiserver listens. kube-apiserver [listens on a default interface](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/#options). 
- Any Layer 2 (L2) switches in your infrastructure do not block Gratuitous ARP packets. kube-vip uses Gratuitous ARP to advertise the virtual IP for the control plane; if the switch blocks these packets then fail-over between control plane nodes will not work.
```

Author: Like that. Committing.

### Virtual IP Example

Example
If we have the following networking configurations on the control plane nodes:

```bash
Control plane node 1:
 eth0: 1.2.3.4/29
 eth1: 10.1.2.1/24
Control plane node 2:
 eth0: 5.6.7.8/25
 eth1: 10.1.2.2/24
Control plane node 3:
 eth0: 9.10.11.12/30
 eth1: 10.1.2.3/24
```
Then the following command should look like: 

```bash
dkp create cluster preprovisioned \
    --cluster-name ${CLUSTER_NAME} \

>     --control-plane-endpoint-host 10.1.2.0 \

Reviewer: I think it would be clearer to use an IP in the middle of the CIDR range rather than the first address.  

```suggestion
    --control-plane-endpoint-host 10.1.2.5 \
```
